hey everybody welcome back to my channel
today I'm going to be telling you guys
how I cleared up my acne and I just
wanted to give a disclosure saying that
I have not been sponsored or paid to
talk about any of the products that I'm
going to mention because if you are like
me and you have googled or YouTube how
to clear up acne at home without a
doctor's prescription then you will know
that a lot of people tend to put things
out there that have been paid or
sponsored and a lot of times stuff like
that
those products just don't work for an
example Proactiv or I've heard acne or
those types of things maybe they work
for some people but for someone like me
it doesn't work so my routine is pretty
simple most of it is all-natural or
almost all-natural and I've been wanting
to film this video for a long time but
my face took awhile to clear up and for
me to get used to the certain products
that I was using and just trying to find
the right balance of what to use what
not to use kind of thing and I have to
be honest let me give you a little bit
of a back story about my acne I have had
acne ever since
puberty ever since that conceived
reading I started out with just clogged
pores and blackheads and stuff like that
and then progressed into high school
with full-blown cystic acne and it
wasn't the worst I will be honest
I know there are worse cases but I've
always had it I've always struggle with
it and it's always been an insecurity of
mine let me just show you guys my skin
up close with no makeup at all I just
washed now you'll see all these guys but
to be honest like my skin is my hands
are clean by the way my skin is pretty
smooth I mean there's a few areas that
are a little bit you can see I mean
there's a few places that have little
bumps but for the most part this is just
acne scars this is just redness and
hyperpigmentation from past breakouts
if you can see my nose here I've always
had really bad blackheads and things
like that show you on this side this
side happens to be my not so bad side
the other side is much worse than this
side now I did have a few I had to get
this little guy
and there was one somewhere repairing
Seng earlier today that we're ready to
be extracted on my chin it's kind of
rough I mean you know like right here
it's kind of got a strange texture to it
but for the most part pretty clear I've
got a cystic one right here but now let
me show you my forehead to just do one
forehead has been pretty good lately to
be honest if you see my skin you will
probably think that it's probably not
the best
um then it could be and is it perfect no
but let me just say that I'm thankful
for where it is now because it has been
much worse and to be honest it got much
worse after I had my child my little boy
and I just struggled with it ever since
he was born basically also I have tried
a retinol cream a couple years ago when
I first
Nicholas I decided that it would time to
go through a dermatologist to see if I
would get things straightened out and
they prescribed me a retinol cream and
antibiotics and all kinds of crap be
honest and maybe that's work for some
people what to be honest it really dried
my skin out and I know that's what it's
supposed to do but like I hope girl and
even for guys who wear makeup like I
wear makeup and the makeup just looks so
horrible I felt even worse about myself
so I just stopped doing that I was like
I'm not going to do that anymore I'm
going to try to start a journey to find
something that is natural because let me
tell you I have used every single face
wash or routine you can buy at the
stores so thankful peroxide doesn't work
for me salicylic acid doesn't work for
me I think those are the only two that I
can think of but I have tried involved
try proactive all kinds the Neutrogena
stuff and let me just tell you some of
the things that I use now that I found
that work for me
first of all about a year ago or so I
started shaving my face
and I was kind of embarrassed about it
at first and now it's just kind of
become part of what I do I find that it
keeps my horse
able to be clean if that makes sense
like the hair is not in a way blocking
gunk and oil on stuff up from being
removed so I shaved my face I used you
in the face razor now I just use a
regular like razor that I've shaved my
legs with some people are not going to
be okay with this but I find it works
for me does my hair grow back a little
bit darker I don't think so I mean it
might eventually but I don't care
because I'm just going to keep doing it
because this is what works for me every
time that I love my face hair girl and I
put makeup on top of it I always break
out it seems to clog my pores worse when
I have
so that's the first tip this is from
Dollar Shave Club I think three dollars
a month for these razor heads and they
are awesome next up is exfoliating I
like to exfoliate with one of these body
exfoliating type gloves there's really
not much more to say about that I do
this about twice a week also I shaved my
face about twice a week sometimes once a
week if I'm lazy so as a dry skin
combination skin type person I have
found that cleansing my face twice is
very important and I don't mean
cleansing my face twice with so I mean
cleansing my face once with some type of
oil I like to use coconut oil it takes
up all take off all of my makeup this is
divided cocoa coconut oil got into
Walmart you can find it where at the
olive oil and canola oil vegetable oil
are so I love to use that next up is a
an antibacterial soap I have tried a lot
of different ones before and I found
with this Cetaphil Cetaphil how
everything gentle cleansing
antibacterial bar for body and face is
what works for me I bought this at
Walmart it comes in a three pack now
these are the bars the active ingredient
in this is tri clove sahrvin triclops
triclops
cerumen I'm not sure how you pronounce
that but it is an antibacterial
chemicals I guess and this is the one
products basically out of all of these
products is not all-natural but I have
to have this if I don't use this after
my coconut oil cleansing I think will
break out and I just find that it keeps
it clean my pores nice and clean so I
really like that also to take off any
type of eye makeup usually I will use a
Neutrogena just a regular blue pack on
makeup remover I do not use those on my
face
one because I found that they break me
out no matter what I don't know why I
used to be able to use them all the time
and now I can it simple the
ever-changing face so as soon as I'm out
of the shower or I'm done cleansing my
face I will drive a pathway I would face
dry and then I will use a toner and I've
tried witch hazel which hand will drive
my face out now I might try dilute it
which I've never tried before I'll let
you know how about those but I have
winter threes in my third bottle no this
is my fourth bottle of this size of my
homemade apple cider vinegar facial
toner and what the apple cider vinegar
does is it just brings the pH back like
balances your pH in your skin I have
suggested I do this morning at night
it's very very gentle I have super
sensitive skin like everything makes my
skin red dry flaky I get all that kind
of stuff and this does not do that I
just used I just put a little bit of
this on one of these cotton rounds I got
these at Walmart but thank you so -
beauty for stayed in my face honestly
like her recipe is a recipe that I used
to make this and I'm pretty sure that
it's one part of apple cider vinegar the
kind that has the mother in it a
preferably an organic one up to three
parts water and you shake it every day
and there are a little like weird
looky-look in pieces in there but I
really find that this has helped save my
skin so much so this does awesome I'll
link her video down below so that you
guys can make it on your own very
affordable and very effective after I
cleanse and home I like to go in with a
facial serum and I found this at
Marshall's I used to use this during the
day
and I think in the winter I will be able
to use this during the day but in the
summer is just way too hot it makes my
makeup like literally fall off so and I
use this ho hobble oil it's an
antioxidant
facial treatment serum and I use about
four drops on my face that are about
four drops on my neck and it also has
sunflower seed oil and vitamin E in it
and this stuff is awesome if you can
find it it's by the brand Sonoma natural
I love this stuff I really really think
that the hoja oil helps to balance all
my oils out so that I'm not over
producing and I'm staying hydrated in my
face okay last but not least um if I do
get a pimple I like to use a treatment
like a spot treatment and I got this in
either my 50 or my Birchbox last year
and I've never heard the brand is called
balance me and it doesn't it's 90% 99%
natural and it's called a congested skin
serum it does it combs bounces and
smoothes and I actually really believe
that this is the best spa treatment I've
ever used and I've used a lot of spot
treatments before I was got just all
kinds of oils like eucalyptus oil tea
tree oil lemon oil all kinds of stuff in
it so I really really liked it that
really sums it up if you guys enjoyed
this video give a thumbs up if any of
these products helped you please let me
know I really enjoy seeing you guys's
comments and opinions and stuff like
that so if you liked this video give it
a thumbs up if you want to subscribe to
my channel then you totally can I wish
that you would so that we can be ready
so until next time I will see you guys
in the next video and take care until
then hi